# Final-Project

From this project, I learned the importance of detialed planning starting out, rather than conding what I think could work without having a plan. My first version of my code had too many print statements, was not easy to follow, and lacked organization. Rather than stopping there and re-assessing, I started on fixing what I had started. I soon realized that I needed to take a step back a re-plan what I wanted to do. This also led me to have to set limits on what I covered for this project, as I needed to make sure I didn't focus too much on one part over another. 

I really liked that we were able to choose our own topic and build it from scratch using the knowledge/skills we have learned throughout the semester. It enabled me to be able to create a program that is in the field that I hope to work in, healthcare tech. From my previous volounteer and work experiences, I was able to tailor something that I knew would aid in someone's availability to access healthcare. I also really enjoyed the planning process of the program, from creating the flowchart to breaking down bigger functions into smaller, more efficient parts. 

I struggled a little with making sure I didn't have duplicated code, since there were multiple parts asked in two distict portions of the running program. Originally, my program only had 1-2 functions, and I soon realized that I needed to break those down into more sub-parts in order for it to be more organized, especially for when I add more features and information. Another main part I struggled with was the UI portion. Because I spent more time re-organizing my program, I had less time to work on learning about Flask and how my python program can be implemented in it. I watched hours of tutorials, which were super helpful to my understanding of using html/templates and how the files work together. 

However, I was able to learn so much about developing a website. While I only showed the page linked to the Pain Diagnosis Tool, I was able to create a Login/Signup page, About Page, and Additional Resources page. From what I learned, I was fascinated with how to write certain capabilities, which only made me want to continue this project more. I would first re-assess the code I have right now for it to be able to ask more questions and add to the tuple. By doing this and by adding more body parts, questions about pain level, when the pain started, if it is radiating, etc, the program could be capable of giving back one specific diagnosis or a specific set of diagnoses based on more inforamtion. With this, I would also build a website that would allow people to create accounts and tailor the accounts to their health needs. They could input their current medical history to store and to aid in diagnoses. I would also add links for wellness lifestyles, mental health resources, and support groups. 

In the future, I hope to be able to work in healthcare tech, which is why this project really inspired me to create something that I knew was a necessary tool to the public, both nationally and globally. As a programmer with a healthcare background, I can merge what I know from both sides to create an efficient tool. In the future, I hope to build upon this program with techniques I learn throughout this program and hope to work at a company where I can work on similar projects. 
